Document `functions` property and replace Builders with Runtimes (#1443)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/serverless-functions/introduction.mdx

## Advanced Usage

> For an advanced configuration and structure, you can create a `now.json` file to define [Builds](/docs/v2/advanced/runtimes/overview) and other customizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an advanced configuration and structure, you can create a `now.json` file to use [Runtimes](/docs/runtimes) and other customizations.
```
